# aws-devops-professional-notes

# CodeCommit
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Q5RUojAF7nn0lgmyx0a2Og6Vgk-TWdVEUjA7fzWcKMI/edit?usp=sharing

# Deploying code with AWS CodeDeploy and CodePipeline
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RBlZtY3DbYLYhYGdAgA6lperWTjjZhz2s-idNQeUZB0/edit?usp=sharing

# CodePipeline with Jenkins Build & Test Stage
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lbyZIHmwo79zS8V4dxJHEpr2WdliVNgXvEa6qQpRTBs/edit?usp=sharing

# Launching EC2 Instance with CloudFormation
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1puY3QxBxUBcdlNZembFleT3FG4IISbN02IkkG5iS8Gk/edit?usp=sharing

# BootStrapping EC2 using UserData
https://docs.google.com/document/d/13xM2763hUCPdHPKI70rfQa_IHNlZ31hrOW9AHgJ6uag/edit?usp=sharing

# CloudFormation Helper Scripts
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r25pbh2Ok61Fx57BldIsEauI1ywYv18foJWzsY8vdO0/edit?usp=sharing

# BootStrapping EC2 using CloudFormation::Init
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eA6eCMfgulCKVsJEoy7A8AXlsRFE2HvYcp95PuT6TkE/edit?usp=sharing

# Using WaitCondition and WaitHandle
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Tb3t0cCxQxlza4C_rAdmWNRbIfNhpNPfC-wn6JTrQ0E/edit?usp=sharing

# CloudFormation creating resources conditionally
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wwTtY1c82PW2nygjzReEUnffZUOZHyJRuUpb7TmR8p4/edit?usp=sharing

# CloudFormation Nested Stacks Example
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1B7ujbaIwdI54KN1fPnEeeVtq02dARiQTuq9zrUCMS-I/edit?usp=sharing

# CloudFormation - Deletion Policy Attribute
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FpbuOPgQ8letFG-W_AXkTZ6v8IHqHFz8_ywfRegYzNY/edit?usp=sharing

# CloudFormation - Stack Termination Protection
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vmQvf-m4b73JmBERpb2eaoLnnSrG1OSqZWozAk9-zzA/edit?usp=sharing

# CloudFormation - Stack Policies
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1F4SWoanWtnFSxc9vBmIuXJRzGm3jR2MRBLZOpxqNYOY/edit?usp=sharing

# CloudFormation - Custom Resources
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U-Rqr3pOi05O6xeX_IPys1VASVTozs463gDbK983Ka4/edit?usp=sharing

# Cross Stack Resource Reference - Export/Import
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UYYHHcEyKaUZ7a1IH7kAt9MFnBTAMa4NpFZ8lkIJhnM/edit?usp=sharing

# CloudFormation - Updating Stacks using Change Sets
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qFYPTAl-hNUZZcpMly0Z0N8SumcvpC-wW2btyVqUa-0/edit?usp=sharing

# Using cfn-hup helper script
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ym5g0JBYkdr_RTid8nkXaZgO5YYCZbFoLlgbf2c4uxA/edit?usp=sharing

# CloudFormation - AutoScaling Group without update policy
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-BZMhN7K0mFNvMSyOfNS32zaCVm0f3nAUosMZvfu5qI/edit?usp=sharing

# CloudFormation - AutoScaling Group with AutoScalingRollingUpdate policy
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SXLM_ROQL3qwjR-b50MKaKlzymmw2WXJUn481zc19ww/edit?usp=sharing

# CloudFormation Pseudo Parameters
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1d2alPdxPUL6e0hN8n--UXeTE7BonfS4WldDRh2D8x-A/edit?usp=sharing

# CloudFormation Resource Attributes
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HqmQ_oygVK2NgtS6UYXItqZDtty7uTe9crwXIg5L9go/edit?usp=sharing

# Scaling based on Amazon SQS
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dblo7lymcY9un-jyfejastk6OX9noU1RLyFshlJAsRE/edit?usp=sharing

# DynamoDB Streams and Lambda
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yo8kt5U3LUp8GVQRVhze-rTTp8Wa9-NzaOXhUjkfzBI/edit?usp=sharing

# Amazon RDS Resources and Operations
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HJxl3HKMPinnQ7sTBM8kDeHr7BH5abRgvhKXnin6lDI/edit?usp=sharing

# AWS CLI - Environment Variables
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GLJ2P8mC9jn-gdP5s6BQrKZSSmbje_hbNEw4wnQD81Y/edit?usp=sharing

# Links
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wkAEg40QmcdnG_OqO7sAllEOFuCSpZm6jApg0CtXKBM/edit?usp=sharing
